This Dzogchen devotion, the application, it's not going into one way. When we have Dzogchen
devotion,
that might make most, ourself may more become more calmer, more peaceful, more soothing, more
humble,
droned in our, developed in so much common sense. Not going to miss this again and again.
And that bouncing to again, again I did that, or again that happened,
again that we do that sort of breathing, that some once in a while, to ourself at least.
Even maybe we don't like to omit that, that, that, but we do that to ourself.
Then really, kind of, then and maybe, oh I've been practicing for this many years,
this many, I don't see result. But how we start, how we live, we doing, and all that.
People, kind of, many times we see all these foundation practices, these and that things are,
are to take, or to eat, that, that is ego tricks.
Great master, great master, Malarema never said foundation is, is not necessary, is easy.
Great master, Dzungcheeba never said it.
And Mahan Rambojes, Baba Rambojes, and all those great master says it's not really, those are not
necessary.
They didn't go all, can't be like, shortcut. All of that, and then they become the great masters.
We called great masters. Why? Because they started so beautiful,
so humble, so simple, so thoughtful, so practical, and so loving-kindness,
compassion, humble and simple, dotted art, and started.
Then they become the great, the beacon of the world, truly.
Not just a talking name, beacons, truly they are the beacon of the peace, happiness.
And when we heard the life story of those, how much is really inspiring to us?
How much beautiful? Not just inspiring, they so inspired many of those.
When they read the life story of those great masters, you can take and come from your eyes,
chaste with joy and with appreciation, kind of completely.
That is power, power of the cities.
When we read their life story, it's not just to become more angry, more aggressive,
more anxiety, more kind of like, my arrogance.
How that is beautiful, how spiritual. So this is what really is, is, that is.
So why don't you maintain this, this, and that is known as the primordial wisdom.
So that is my great talk today, I mean talk to the mind and to all of us.
So now, again, I say this to all of us, really, this foundation is very, very important.
Those Four Noble Truths and the Four Noble Truths, that's what I give the first teaching.
He didn't even, don't have any other teaching, just giving the Four Noble Truths.
Teaching, many times we think all those are kind of casual, that is a foundation.
Where is the teaching? The Four Noble Truths, the teaching, is the teaching as said.
It's teaching on the court and the resort, and that is the teaching, is the foundation of the
entire teaching.
Dzogin is also best on this. Dzogin is rappa. Rappa is the cause.
Rappa is the Buddha nature. It's the Atam God, the God, but it's the Buddha.
That we have now, you have, I have, everyone has.
But why we not become Buddha? Because our way of lacking of the conditions, as a sense.
Therefore, to reach enlightenment, to discover Dzogin today, quickly we need these two merits.
Akhmelech merits, and foreknow section, bodhicetta, joy, devotion, those all really need, very
important.
It's good for us, good for others. It's so special that we make that.
So those are the, I mean, the teaching said, and I'm just repeating that, of course you all know.
Know that, you heard that, you read that in the book, that.
But also thank you very much for the participation, and thank you again.
And I told, generally told, to do some practice, to some Sunday, sunny in the morning.
And again, this time, so much troubles.
And Dzogin, of course, samsara has always troubles, not just now.
But particularly this time, this, this, this, this pandemic, made so much trouble all over.
I thought maybe do some, to some Sunday praise, which is so special.
But now we, I didn't have time to do that, but we do this afternoon, maybe tomorrow we do that.
Every morning too, to some Sunday practice, and everything, everything you don't have.
I think, I think maybe you already have those praise.
And also we can, we can, we can send to you of those four.
And just say that, oh, we will send that. So thank you very much everyone, again, participate.
And now we do permanently silence meditation, and then we do the short delegation praise.
And again, thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.